{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green25\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 As many of you know, people often list pronouns on their name tag or (on Zoom) as part of their display name. For those of us who are rarely misgendered, this is a small act of solidarity, acknowledging that gender is not predictable based on either someone's name or their appearance. For those who *are* often misgendered, the convention has a practical value in providing a conventionalized way to clue people in about what pronoun to use. \
\
I was recently at an online workshop, and as is pretty typical for formal linguistics it was a small minority of participants who had "she/her" or "he/him" in their display names\'97I didn't see any "they/them". But during the first talk, I noticed that one audience member had something else listed: "you/your". \
\
My first reaction was to be taken aback at encountering such an open statement against trans and nonbinary inclusion\'97if you're not sure how that inference arises, I'll return to this below. But then I wondered if I was perhaps being too hasty; maybe this is someone who had misunderstood the purpose of listing pronouns, or perhaps it was an unsuccessful attempt at a joke. I messaged a couple friends who were also on the call for a second opinion; none of them could say for sure but suggested, optimistically, that perhaps it was some form of pun, surely it couldn't be *intended* as an open rejection of inclusivity.\
\
Rather than speculate, I decided to write the person directly. My email read: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 "I could not help but notice during [the workshop] that you have pronouns listed in Zoom as 'you/your'.\
\
"I wanted to let you know that this came across as indicating a hostile attitude towards transgender and nonbinary individuals. I very much hope that is not your intention. If it is not, you may wish to change the display to avoid misunderstanding. If it\'a0is\'a0your intention, then I feel it is deeply inappropriate for any gathering, but especially for a professional event."\
\
I received a prompt response, which unfortunately dashed my vague hope that this was a misunderstanding or failed joke. I won't reproduce the full text of that response, but here I restate its points as faithfully as possible:[^footnoteone]\
\
* English third-person pronouns overtly express gender, though (like other Indo-European languages) its second-person pronouns do not.\
* Other languages, including the writer's first language, do express gender on second-person pronouns. Since we use the second-person to address one another, it is reasonable to ask to be addressed as 'you'\
* The person would like to see a discussion in linguistics of how gender is expressed in languages other than English, and of gender identities in non-dominant cultures.\
\
Read on their own, these might seem like reasonable and unobjectionable statements. The third point even calls for attention to social contexts beyond English-speaking/Western dominant ones. As a response to the concern I had raised in my initial email, however, they are at best a series of non sequiturs. \
\
A recurring strategy from those who wish to question transgender rights, but who don't wish to be seen to do so too openly, is to try to shift the discussion from social or political terms to grammatical ones; someone isn't against transgender or nonbinary inclusion, you are meant to understand, they're merely motivated by a deep and abiding concern for the immovable grammatical reality. \
\
But the issue under discussion wasn't grammatical, it was social: the social purpose of providing gendered pronouns in a context such as Zoom is to acknowledge that gender is not always inferable based on someone's name or appearance.\
\
It is true that the grammatical structures of different languages provide different ways to achieve that same social purpose. In a language like Hebrew, where gender is expressed on second-person pronouns, one could equally list 
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u1488 \u1463 \u1514 \u1464 \u1468 \u1492 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  or 
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u1488 \u1463 \u1514 \u1456 \u1468 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  to fill the same social function as giving an English third-person form. In a language with a formality distinction in second-person pronouns, listing them would serve a different social function; in French, listing "tu" might serve as blanket permission for informal address, though to my knowledge that isn't an existing convention. \
\
But English *you* makes no such distinctions, and is therefore grammatically uninformative. By copying the form but not the content of a gesture meant to be inclusive of trans and nonbinary people, what someone conveys is that they didn't merely overlook that gesture, they deliberately made an equivalent effort to *not* be inclusive, to belittle the very idea that a person's gender would not be immediately apparent upon visual inspection. That is a fundamentally hostile and unwelcoming message\'97but one that is only visible to people who have considered this aspect of inclusion, while it can be passed off as an odd quirk to many others. \
\
This brings us to the final point, that linguists should look at gender outside English and gender identities in non-dominant societies. In fact there is a rich literature on this topic in both linguistics and linguistic anthropology. As even a quick search uncovers that literature (I recommend searching "gender pronouns outside English"), we again ask what rhetorical purpose an appeal to look beyond English is playing here.  \
\
Though nonbinary gender was not mentioned directly by the person I corresponded with, objections to pronoun disclosures often have at their root an objection either to nonbinary pronouns or to nonbinary biosocial gender itself. Responding to a concern for trans and nonbinary inclusion with a statement that we should look at gender beyond English is a common rhetorical move to cast pronoun statements, or perhaps nonbinary gender more fundamentally, as something imposed by English-language imperialism. This ignores, however, that nonbinary people are absolutely not all English speaking. \
\
For languages where grammatical gender is more deeply embedded than it is in English, the task of adapting language to accommodate nonbinary reference can be more complex\'97as discussed very recently [by Ben Papadopoulos in an LSA blog post ("Gender-Inclusive Language Around the World")](https://www.linguisticsociety.org/content/gender-inclusive-language-around-world). In French the nonbinary pronouns *iel* and *ille* are nonbinary alternatives to *il* and *elle*, but expanding verbal and adjectival agreement is vexed by details of how masculine and feminine agreement developed historically (very broadly, masculine forms omit a final segment that surfaces in the feminine). \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Outside Indo-European languages, a friend recently drew my attention to a conference on nonbinary reference in Hebrew (["Gender Inclusive and Nonbinary Hebrew"](https://sllc.umd.edu/fields/hebrew/gender-inclusive-hebrew)). These are all languages with the cultural and social power of nation-states behind them; I also follow with interest discussions of nonbinary and other gender identities in Indigenous languages and cultures, but admit that I know less there about the current linguistic practices of nonbinary speakers. \
\
And of course, gender and pronouns aren't the same thing. Nonbinary identities exist in Cree or Japanese or ASL, which (like the majority of the world's languages) have no gender-specific pronouns, just as they do in English, French, or Hebrew. It is only that when we use English, or French, or Hebrew, we are forced to encode information about other people's gender in certain linguistic contexts. \
\
If you have read this far, thank you. If you have corrections to offer, please do let me know. If you were unclear why it is hostile to trans and nonbinary people to have someone list "you/your" as pronouns, I hope this offers some clarity; if a final analogy might help, to me it feels much the same as if someone took the time in their bio to link to research purporting to show that society was healthier and happier before women had access to university educations. And finally, in the interest of recording an action from a public event: the person who listed "you/your" pronouns in Zoom was Ur Shlonsky.\
\
[^footnoteone]: This is a complete summary of the content of the email, with the exception of a final sentence: "I'm sorry if this upsets you." Just as the rest of the email endeavours to shift the discussion from social/political grounds to linguistic grounds, this closing reflects a common strategy to recast criticism as an emotional response, merely "hurt feelings". }