{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dear Ur, \
\
I noticed that on the second day of the workshop you no longer \
Your response seems to attempt a linguistic response (more on which in a moment), but the issue I raised was a social one. The social purpose of providing gendered pronouns in a context such as Zoom is to acknowledge that gender is not always inferable based on someone's name or appearance. \
\
You mention that Hebrew expresses gender on second-person pronouns; indeed this is so, and were you to list a Hebrew second-person pronoun (or third-person pronoun, or one of many other categories that show gender morphology in Hebrew) in your Zoom display name, this would fill the same social function as giving an English third-person form. Listing an English second-person pronoun does not convey any information, however, because there is no alternative when addressing a single individual in most varieties of English.  Gricean reasoning thus compels us to ask what is conveyed by taking the (minor) effort to enter "you/your" rather than simply listing no pronoun at all. Since "you/your" conveys no relevant grammatical information, all that is left is a political or social message, in this case that in a mode used to express support for gender inclusivity you instead express lack of support. \
\
All of the above reasoning applies even in a counterfactual scenario where there is no such thing as a nonbinary gender identity, to be clear. But in fact nonbinary people do exist, as do other genders beyond what is often described as a historically Western binary conception of gender. I have followed with great interest discussions of how nonbinary gender identities can be expressed in languages with a richer system of grammatical gender than found in a language like English. You may be particularly interested in a recent conference "Gender Inclusive and Nonbinary Hebrew" (https://sllc.umd.edu/fields/hebrew/gender-inclusive-hebrew); several people have described to me similar conversations taking place in Israel, though as I do not speak Hebrew those are not directly accessible to me. \
\
Sincerely, fuck off, \
\
Bronwyn\
\
Were you to list a Hebrew second-person pronoun in your Zoom display name, this would fill the same social function. Listing an English second-person pronoun does not, however. Following simple Gricean reasoning we can then ask why you would list an English second person pronoun in this context; the conclusion is that it is to dismiss or belittle the idea that gender identity exists, or that it is not immediately apparent upon visual inspection.  which naturally leads to the question of why you would choose to list it.  inspection alone.  gendered pronouns in a context such as Zoom is to express welcome  that people are aware that not everyone's gender identity is immediately obvious from their name or physical appearance Even if we set nonbinary gender aside nonbinary gender \
\
Your email does not appear to have been written in a spirit of genuine engagement, but allow me to address it on its merits. \
\
Before moving on, allow me to make clear the position from which I speak: I published a short paper in Glossa in 2017 on the changing status of singular 'they' in contemporary English, organized a conference on  the use of nonbinary pronouns in English and other languages in 2019, and am currently part of a multi-year research project looking at (among other things) the typology of how gender is distributed in pronominal paradigms. \
\
I am perfectly aware that English expresses a distinction between masculine and feminine gender on third person singular pronouns; it also has a longstanding singular use of 'they' as an epicene pronoun, which has been extended in contemporary use by some speakers as a nonbinary pronoun used to refer to singular definite specific individuals. \
\
\
We can in fact set nonbinary gender identity aside\
Entirely setting nonbinary gender identities aside, specifying a gendered pronoun in contexts such as Zoom is intended to provide \
I don't think your answer was }